c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.dll.config
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.pdb
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\obj\Debug\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\obj\Debug\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.pdb
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\obj\Debug\SchoolDBEntitiesProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mitul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\SchoolDBEntitiesProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
